This is the design for the Hullatodo flutter UI. 
For technical details see the hullatodo_core [design.md|../../hullatodo_core/docs/design.md]

# Account Creation

On first launch the User is presented with two choices:

* Create a new account (this is local)
* Link an existing account / device

The user is informed that linking can be done at a later stage through the apps settings menu.

## Create a new account

A random ID is generated by hullatodo_core and presented to the user as a base36 string
and as a QR code.

The user is informed through a slideshow with graphics that 

* No information is stored about them by any company.
* this ID is the only thing that identifies them.

* If this device is lost, the data is lost, unless...
* you write this number down some place safe...
* or save it too a password manager 
    - provide a save to password manager feature
* you link this account to another device, such as a laptop or tablet

## Linking an existing account

Linking to an existing account can be performed in two manners:

* manually entering the account number
* scaning a QR code with the other devices camera

# Startup | Home

On first launch we arrive at the Today Page after the intro.
On every other launch, we arrive at the Today Page ASAP.

We do not want to show all todos by default, this will create anxiety
The Today page will show takes that have been planned for today.

If there are no tasks for today?

# Filtering Todos

The bottom of the screen has a filter bar. It is presumed that most filtering will be done with either context of project tags.
Therefore the context symbol '@' and the project symbol '#' are promiently displayed.
A clock icon is also there to filter time based todos.

pressing on a context tag displays a list of available tags from the parsed todos
pressing on a project tag displays a list of available tags from the parsed todos

selecting a tag from the list adds it to the active filter.
the tags can be removed from the active filter by pressing them.

The time filter will present a timeline in the longest axis of the phone.
the timeline will range from the easliest date present in the todos to the latest date.
A single date can be 
once the range is a day or less in magnitude it changes units to hours.

# Adding Todos

A filter must have at least one context or project tag to be considered eligible for entering todos.

# Account Managerment

The acount page shows all the devices that share the data of this account.

## Delete Account

Accounts can be deleted from each device by requesting it from the settings menu.
If there are many devices linked to the account and you want to delete all the date
then you must delete the account from each device.

deleting the app will automatically delete the account from the given device.

# Sharing Todo Lists

The simplest way to share a todo list is to hit the share button and copy the current filter as formatted text.
This text can then be sent over whatever text medium you like.

To share todo with other Hullatodo users you can generate a unique sharing ID.
This ID can be given a descriptive name is you wish.
This share ID can be shared
This share can be revoked at any time.

When a filter is entered that contains shared data a "share" icon will appear on the top of the screen.



